Speech Date: 2009-11-12
----

The Iran's Supreme Leader’s View of Palestine
----


# The history of occupation

How Palestine was occupied

Through a historical process consisting of tens of initiatives by the enemy, Palestine became a Zionist property. A number of globally influential Jews started to think of establishing an independent state for Jews. Of course they initially thought of going to Uganda and establishing their nation there. For some time, they also thought of going to Tripoli, the capital city of Libya. Then they talked to Italians who were then ruling Tripoli. But Italians rejected their request. Finally they made a deal with the English. The English had very important colonialist ambitions for the Middle East at that time. They realized that the settlement of the Jews in the Middle East was in their best interest. The English only wanted to solve their own problems. The occupation of Palestinian lands was based on a multilateral, complex plan, which had been designed to prevent Muslim unity and the reestablishment of powerful Muslim governments. There is some evidence that shows the Zionists had close relations with the Nazis, and the exaggerated figures about the number of Jews massacred was itself used as a tool to attract global sympathy and prepare the ground for occupying Palestine and justifying the crimes committed by the Zionists. There is even some evidence to suggest that some non-Jewish thugs from east Europe were sent to Palestine as Jews in order to establish an anti-Islamic government at the heart of the world of Islam, using the support for surviving victims of racism as a cover. They wanted to create a chasm between the western and eastern part of the Muslim world. In the beginning, Muslims were taken by surprise because they were not aware of the nature of the Zionists’ and their western supporters’ plan. The Ottoman Empire was defeated. The victors of the World War signed the Sykes-Picot Agreement in secret to carve up the Muslim countries of the Middle East region between themselves. The international community gave Palestine’s custody to the English, who promised to help the Zionists. The English brought Jews to Palestine with a set of well-thought-out plans and displaced Muslims from their homes.

The plan was to send the Jews [to the Middle East] as a minority group in the beginning, and let them gradually seize control of some strategic regions and establish a government. The Jews were going to be among the allies of England and prevent the world of Islam, especially the Arab states, from forming an alliance. An enemy that receives that amount of support from outside can foment discord through espionage activities as well as various other means. That was exactly what they did. They formed an alliance with certain states and aggressively attacked certain others. Therefore, first and foremost, they benefited from the support of England and some western countries. Afterwards, they gradually drifted away from England and formed an alliance with America, which has taken the Zionists under its wings to this day. That was how they occupied Palestine and “established a country”. They did not start their occupation of Palestine through war. They started with deception. They bought large stretches of fertile Palestinian farmland from landlords who were living in Europe and America. They paid the landlords several times more than the real price of their lands, and the landlords happily sold their lands to the Jews. Of course there were some middlemen as well. It is said that Seyyed Zia'eddin Tabatabaee, Reza Khan’s accomplice in staging the coup in 1299, was one of those middlemen. Seyyed Zia’eddin traveled to Palestine and worked there as a middleman, selling Muslim lands to the Jews and Israelis. Once the Jews bought the lands, they ruthlessly started driving the farmers out of the lands. They used to beat and kill the farmers. At the same time, they used to attract global sympathy through deception and lies.


Reality stood on its head

In publicity campaigns throughout the world, many efforts have been made to portray the Jews who occupied Palestine as oppressed people whose rights had been trampled upon. On the other hand, the Arabs who have been trying to reclaim their homes are presented as bullying and violent people who are not committed to any ethical standards.

When the Zionists and Russian Jews decided to immigrate to Palestine, they did not tell the world in their media that they were usurpers. They did not tell the world that the immigrants were not from Palestine. They did not tell the world that the immigrants were from Russia, Ukraine, Europe, and America. They did not say that the immigrants were going to Palestine to violate Palestinians’ rights, occupy their homes, usurp their wealth and homeland, and deprive them of the opportunity to start a family. They never said any of these things. Additionally, Zionist and American agents were showing pictures of some worn out Jewish women and children to make the people of the world wonder why the Arabs were treating the poor Jewish people like that!


The bases of occupying Palestine

The illegitimate domination of the Zionists over Palestine was based on three foundations. Being cruel to Arabs was the first foundation. They treated the real owners of Palestinian lands violently and ruthlessly. They did not show any signs of leniency in this regard.

Manipulating public opinion was the second foundation. Both before and after occupying Palestine, they told so many lies through Zionist media that some Zionist capitalists were arrested for spreading lies! There were, of course, some people who believed their lies. They even managed to deceive the French social philosopher and author Jean-Paul Sartre. He wrote in his book “A land without a people for a people without a land”. I read this book 30 years ago. The author suggested that Jews were a people who did not have a land, and who decided to immigrate to Palestine, a land without a people. The phrase “the land without a people” was meaningless. There was a nation that was working on Palestinian lands. There is a lot of evidence in this regard. According to a foreign author, the green farms of wheat across Palestine stretched to the horizon like a sea, as far as the eye could see. They pretended that Palestine was a derelict and poor land and that they were the people who made it thrive. That was a lie to manipulate public opinion. They always tried to play the part of the oppressed people. In American magazines like Time and Newsweek, if something bad happens to a Jewish family, they show pictures of the person killed, present every detail of his life, and exaggerate the sufferings of his children. However, hundreds and thousands of cruel crimes are being committed against Palestinian youth, families, children, and women inside the occupied Palestinian lands and in Lebanon, but they do not even mention these things.

The third foundation was to collude with others or what they call “lobbying”. They negotiate and collude with different governments, individuals, politicians, intellectuals, authors, and poets. Their work has so far been based on these three foundations, and they have managed to occupy Palestine relying on these machinations. Moreover, foreign powers, especially England, assisted them in the process. Except in a few rare cases, they always enjoyed the support of the League of Nations – which was formed to “promote peace” – and subsequently the United Nations. In the year 1948, the United Nations issued a resolution and arbitrarily divided Palestine. They said 57 percent of the Palestinian lands belong to the Jews, while they owned only about 50 percent of the Palestinian lands before the resolution. They formed a government, and then the following issues, including attacks on Palestinian villages, towns, homes, and innocent civilians, took place. Of course Arab governments were also lax in reacting to these issues. Several wars took place. In 1967, Israelis managed to occupy some parts of Egypt, Syria, and Jordan with the help of America and some other governments. Later on, in the war that they started in 1973, they once again managed win the war with the help of those global powers and occupied other territories.


Part two: Importance of Palestine

The importance of the issue of Palestine

Undoubtedly, in Muslim life and across the world of Islam, nothing is as important and serious as the issue of Palestine. Over the years, they have gradually made Muslims accustomed to the occupation of their homes. It is not just a matter of Muslim homes being occupied. The problem is much more serious than that. The problem is that the enemies of Islam throughout the world are using a Muslim territory to attack the ranks of Muslims and thwart their wishes and activities. They are using this territory as a shield.

Regarding the issue of Palestine, the goal is to liberate it – that is, wiping out the Israeli government. There is no difference between territories occupied before or after the year 1967. Every inch of Palestinian lands is part of Muslims’ homeland. Any non-Muslim and non-Palestinian rule over Palestine is illegitimate. As Imam Khomeini said, “Israel must disappear.” If Palestinian Jews accept Islamic rule, they may live in Palestine. It is not a matter of anti-Semitism. The problem is that a Muslim homeland has been occupied. If the heads of Muslim countries were not under the influence of global powers, they could achieve this. Unfortunately, they failed to do so.


The importance of Jerusalem

In addition to the issue of Palestine, the issue of Jerusalem/al-Quds is of paramount importance. Today various plots are being hatched by the Zionists to occupy this holy city and destroy its Islamic features. But this city belongs to all Muslims, and Jerusalem/al-Quds is the capital city of Palestine. Muslims will foil the enemies’ evil plots. Muslims will confront their plots.


The Islamic Republic’s view of Palestine

From an Islamic perspective, the issue of Palestine is a crucial issue for all Muslims. All Shia and Sunni scholars have explicitly stated that if a part of Muslim territories is occupied by the enemies of Islam, it will be every Muslim’s duty to fight in order to restore the lost piece of land. Everybody should somehow take on part of this responsibility in the case of Palestine. First, everyone is considered responsible from an Islamic point of view. The occupied Palestinian lands are part of the Islamic territory. These lands have been occupied by the enemies of Islam, and they have to be restored. Second, there are eight million Muslims who have either been displaced or are living inside Palestine in worse conditions than those of the homeless. They are not free to walk in the streets or express what they think. They are not allowed to have representatives in the management of their own country. On many occasions, they are even stopped when they want to pray. They jeopardized Muslims’ kiblah, Masjid ul-Aqsa. Years ago they even set it on fire. Then they started their “excavations” and did illegitimate things there. And they are planning to divest Masjid ul-Aqsa of its Islamic features.

From a humanitarian perspective, the oppression suffered by Palestinian families and how they are being treated would make all human beings feel responsible. It is surprising that human rights organizations are so indifferent. America and some other western countries as well as those who claim to be responsible for promoting democracy in the world have disgraced themselves in the case of Palestine. That is because there is a nation now that does not have any role in the management of its homeland. This nation can never make its voice heard. Palestinians are an oppressed nation from a humanitarian point of view. They are faced with a highly oppressive and racist government. And this is a big lie told by America, international organizations, and western intellectuals in their claims of promoting democracy.

From a security perspective, Israel is a threat to the security of its own people as well as the entire region. That is because they have nuclear arsenal, and they are proliferating atomic weapons. The United Nation has warned them several times, but they have ignored their warnings. Of course their disregard for UN warnings is mainly because of America’s support. That is to say, the American regime is responsible for a large portion of the Zionists’ crimes. During the decades that they have been ruling Palestine, more than 30 resolutions have been passed by the UN Security Council against Israel, but America has vetoed all of these resolutions.

From an economic perspective, Israel is a threat to the region. The Zionists who are ruling Palestine have proposed a thesis called “the new Middle East”. What does it mean? It means that a new Middle East should be formed around the axis of Israel and that Israel should gradually gain economic domination over Arab countries and other nations in the region as well as the oil-rich areas in the Middle East. That is the goal of the Zionists. Some of these governments are not vigilant. When these governments face criticisms, they say they did not form any relations with Israel and that they only let Israeli businessmen into their country. That is exactly what the Zionists want. They want Israel – backed by America and the dangerous Zionist arsenals – to take advantage of the unawareness and weakness of some governments. They want Israelis to enter those countries and take control of their economic centers and financial resources. That is a big threat to the region. That is greater than any other threat. God will never let that happen. Muslim nations will never let such a thing happen. But their plan is to take control of all centers of power in different countries by relying on economic means. Therefore, from Islamic, humanitarian, economic, security, and political perspectives, the existence of Israel is a great threat to the countries of the region.


Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the issue of Palestine

From the beginning of the Islamic movement in the country in 1341, when the issue of Palestine was not commonly discussed even by intellectuals, Imam Khomeini always emphasized that everyone should be alarmed by the Israeli domination and that everyone should stand up to them. He continued this path later on, and the issue of Palestine became one the main slogans shouted by that divine person. The movement started by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) revived the issue of Palestine and provided it with the support of Islamic faith which has always been accompanied by selfless jihad. Imam Khomeini never gave up his support for the oppressed people across the world because of any considerations for the global bullies. He continued to describe the issue of Palestine as the main issue. In his speeches and testament, Imam Khomeini explicitly expressed the importance he placed on Muslims’ cries for help. He unambiguously defended the rights of the oppressed, the Palestinian nation, and all other oppressed nations. That was the Imam’s path stressed in his lifestyle and testament.

A Palestinian youth told me that those who are imprisoned in the occupied Palestinian lands compose poems inspired by the magnanimous father of the Islamic Revolution. The memory of the Imam, the Revolution, and the selfless efforts of the Iranian nation are to be found even inside those cells.

