Speech Date: 2009-11-12
----

The Iran's Supreme Leader’s View of Palestine
----


# Peace and negotiation

The peace plot

Today the Zionists and their supporters – headed by the American government – are plotting to take advantage of the appealing word "peace". Of course a peace treaty is very good, but where and with whom? Imagine that someone forces his way into your house, beats you up, insults your wife and children, and occupies almost all of your rooms. Further imagine that this person protests why you are constantly complaining to different people about the problem and causing confrontation. Then he suggests that you should make peace with him! What kind of peace is that? Military invasion is part of the Zionist regime's nature. Basically, the Zionist regime is founded on coercion, violence, and cruelty. It could not, and will not, make any progress without cruelty and coercion, and yet they say Palestinians should make peace with this regime. No one would fight them if they were not greedy – that is, if they gave back Palestine to its real owners and went away, or if they asked the Palestinian government to let some of them or all of them stay in Palestine. The war was started when they forced their way into the Palestinians' homeland. They have forced Palestinians out of their homeland and are currently treating them oppressively. They have also started spreading their oppression to other countries in the region. They are a threat to all nations now. Therefore, they want to make peace and use it as a stepping-stone towards further oppression. If they make peace, they will use it as prelude to another kind of aggression later on.


The negotiation plot

The negotiation plan or the so-called peace process is one of the suggestions that is being discussed by Israelis and a group of Palestinians. This suggestion – that is, the negotiation plan and the establishment of the so-called Palestinian National Authority – was put forth in order to make the issue of Palestine sink into oblivion and prevent engagement of Muslims in the Palestinian issue. This was one of the worst plots hatched by Israelis, and some Muslims and Palestinians unfortunately fell into that trap. That is because even if Israelis practice all the agreements they made in one of their negotiations, in the most optimistic conditions Palestinians will only get slightly over four percent of the occupied Palestinian lands. That is to say, only four percent of Palestinian lands, which belong entirely to the Palestinian nation, will be given back to Palestinians. Even that four percent will not be in one piece, only some separate pieces of land. Moreover, the Palestinians who were told to establish a government in Palestine were by no means allowed to act like a real government. Israelis asked those Palestinians to establish a government there in order to make sure the Palestinian residents would not do anything against the Israeli government. That is to say, they only gave them partial control of a small, isolated, and unwieldy area, a so-called country! In return, they were required to take some measures against the Palestinians together with the security organizations of Israel. The treachery by this group of Palestinians was worse than all the treachery committed against Palestine. They did not, and cannot, do anything for the Palestinian people.


The logic behind Arabs' negotiation with Israel

Arab governments used say "we are not more Palestinian than Palestinians themselves, and only whatever Palestinians want has to be done". Apart from the political, economic, and security aspects, the Palestinian issue is an Islamic obligation. Most importantly, the issue of Palestine is a divine issue. But if someone does not even believe in God and wants to do something only for the sake of the Palestinian people, he or she must first see what Palestinians want. The Palestinian people are those who are being held in the usurping regime's prisons and many more who continue shouting slogans in Masjid al-Aqsa and in the streets and marketplaces across the occupied Palestinian lands. A small number of them who were bought off and who negotiated with the Zionists are not representative of all Palestinian people, so we cannot just say "we are not more Palestinian than Palestinians themselves".


The reason behind the failure of the first Intifada

During the first Intifada, the negotiation atmosphere was becoming prevalent in the region. Some people had pinned their hopes on America and some others believed that it was not possible to resist against the political pressure and international propaganda of the time and that there was no way except negotiations, the conditions of which were set by America and Israel. The developments that happened in the region at that time further strengthened this assumption.

At that time [during the first Intifada], two ways of dealing with Israel was proposed: Military confrontation of Arab armies with Israel and negotiations. Regarding the military option, it was said that all previous trials had resulted in failure. The second option would help Israel achieve its goals through peaceful means. Through negotiations, Israel could put a stop to the growth of Arab nations' military power in exchange for withdrawing its troops from parts of the occupied Palestinian lands. The Camp David Accords were a case in point. At that time, resistance was not considered an option, and it was said that resistance did not enjoy public approval.


The outcome of the Oslo Accords

During their first Intifada, Palestinian people suffered a lot of losses, and many of them were martyred for the sake of Islam and liberating Palestine. But the Oslo Accords put an end to their resistance. Today even the Palestinians who planned and supported the Oslo Accords no longer support the agreement because they saw that Israel only wanted to solve its own problem through the Oslo Accords. That is to say, Israel wanted to avoid confrontation with the rock wielding Palestinians and reduce its vulnerability. Israel made a few so-called "concessions" just to stamp out the flames of the Intifada and decrease its vulnerability. The moment Israel realized it had solved its problem and wrongly felt that the Palestinian people were not capable of resuming the Intifada and resistance, it put an end to the concessions and revealed its greedy nature. The process of making peace and the Oslo Accords made the people of Palestine realize that there was no way except an uprising.


Betrayal of the Palestinian ideal

They are trying to make the phrase "Palestinian nation" sink into oblivion and make it appear that there was no such thing as Palestine and no nation that owned it. That was how they prepared the ground. Much to our chagrin and astonishment, we can see that there are some people who passively accept this and that there are some people in the world who accept this case of oppression. They just allowed a group of so-called Palestinians to establish a puppet government to rule four percent of Palestinian lands. They just established a puppet government and asked them to completely forget the issue of Palestine and the Palestinian nation in return. They expect their puppet government and those who made that unfair deal to suppress the Palestinians who talk about Palestine and its history. That is what is happening today.


Arab governments' betrayal of Palestine

The Zionists and their supporters – headed by America – took the initiative in shouting the slogans of making peace in order to consolidate their oppressive occupation of Palestine, and they have constantly forced their rivals to follow suite as much as possible. In the past, some Muslim governments have even stabbed the countries on the front line in the back. The silence of most Arab rulers, which was in some cases accompanied by open treachery, and the disgraceful and treacherous positions adopted by the "leaders of Palestine" are the links in the chain of oppression, transgression, and treachery that is being used to shackle the oppressed people of Palestine.

The treacherous deals and silence of Arab governments – and even pretended indifference of some Arab governments to the fate of Palestine – have made it possible for the occupying Zionist regime to openly mention the idea of "the great Israel" after years of silence and even denial. It is now shamelessly repeating its evil intentions of occupying new parts of Islamic lands.

